# flu-covid-coadministration

This repo contains raw data and analysis from:

> Choosing sides: comparing ipsilateral and contralateral coadministration of influenza
> and COVID-19 vaccines

By: David Pattinson (1), Peter Jester (1), Chunyang Gu (1), Lizheng Guan (1), Tammy Armbrust
(1), Joshua G. Petrie (2), Jennifer P. King (2), Huong Q. McLean (2), Edward A. Belongia
(2), Peter Halfmann (1), Gabriele Neumann (1), Yoshihiro Kawaoka (1,3,4,*)

1. Department of Pathobiological Sciences, School of Veterinary Medicine, University of
   Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA
2. Marshfield Clinic Research Institute, Marshfield, WI 54449, USA
3. Division of Virology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute of Medical
   Science, University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-0071, Japan
4. Department of Special Pathogens, International Research Center for Infectious
   Diseases, Institute of Medical Science, University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-0071, Japan

## Contents

- [data.csv](data.csv) Contains long format data. Columns are:
  - `experiment`: `1` or `2` for the first or second replicate.
  - `virus`: `BVic`, `BYam`, `H1N1`, `H3N2` or `SARS-CoV-2`
  - `pre_sample`: This individual's pre-vaccination sample*.
  - `post_sample`: This individual's post-vaccination sample name*.
  - `log_pre_titer`: Pre-vaccination titer on the log scale.
  - `log_post_titer`: Post-vaccination titer on the log scale.
  - `log_delta_titer`: `log_post_titer` minus `log_delta_titer`
  - `sites`: `Ipsilateral` or `Contralateral` indicating whether this individual received
    their flu and COVID vaccines ipsilaterally or contralaterally.
- [analysis.ipynb](analysis.ipynb) is an IPython notebook containing code to rerun the
  Bayesian model used in the study, and to recreate [Figure 1](fig1.pdf) (the legend and
  tick labels were manually edited for the manuscript version.)
- [effects.csv](effects.csv) is generated by the IPython and contains summaries of
  posterior distributions of model effects.
- [requirements.txt](requirements.txt) contains python package versions used in this
  analysis. Install them (in a new virtual environment) via `pip install -r
  requirements.txt` 

*sample names were hashed for anonymity.